# HotokezakaGalaxy
Simulations inspired by Hotokezaka 2015 Nature Physics letter

Hotokezaka K., Piran T., Paul M., 2015, NatPh, 11, 1042
DOI: 10.1038/NPHYS3574

# There are various scripts included in this package. Here is a description of how to use them:

-toySimulation.py:

A python3 script that performs a single run with the parameters found in inputToy.in (with an example
of that file in inputToy.example). It can be used to check how the simulation behaves with some
parameters.

-HotokezakaCalc.f90:

The script to perform the Monte Carlo calculations. It takes as an input the files
"input/HotokezakaGalaxy.in", "input/events.in", "input/tArray.in" and "input/tauList.in".

The file "input/HotokezakaGalaxy.in" has to be constructed like "input/HotokezakaGalaxy.example"

The files "input/events.in" and "input/tArray.in" are generated by "inputGenerator/eventGenerator.py".

The file "input/tauList.in" should have only two lines: the number of different mean-lives in the first
line, and then the values of those mean lives in Myr separated by spaces. An example with 1, 20 and 120
Myr mean-lives should look like:

3

1 20 120

-inputGenerator/eventGenerator.py

This script generates the random input for HotokezakaCalc.f90, it reads from "inputGenerator/inputEventGenerator.in",
which should resemble "inputGenerator/inputEventGenerator.example"

-output/combineOutputs.py

This script deals with the output generated by HotokezakaCalc.f90, creating one file per mean-life with the name
convention "tau_X.out" where X is the mean-life in Myr.

-output/visualizeOutput.py

This script plots the statistics of the Monte Carlo simulations. It accepts one ".out" file as command line input.
